				 Export-Plugins
				 ==============

  OK, this stuff is even vager than the primtives stuff....

  These act tact the producers of the output code, and are very very heavy.
They are notified about changes in the current scene state (not sure on how
to represent this ATM), and should respond by eg eincluding a new object
relative to current state or some otehr action.

  Also the state informaion will include motion information, by specifiying
that a change in state occurs over a given time interval. There will be
several intervals per frame.

  The only clear thing that I can say hear is that the state and motion 
information will be heavily geared toward renderman. Enough information
will be provided for any implementation, but in a renderman flavour.
An export filter will therefore , in many ways, be a conversion from
renderman to the native format of the plugin.

  This should be OK for similarly state driven systems, such as OpenGL,
but may be more tricky for other systems such as POV, these system may
need to maintiain a large amount of state information before they
can generate a scene. I should proably design a mechanism to allow access
to the history of the system state, or perhaps even direct acces to
the parsetree.

  There is probably a resonable middle ground here, some kind of time line
(proabbly tree due to motion info) which marks the change of state, and the
values.

  Like I say, all this is unclear. Until I have the parser back up and
running with the new parsetree there is little I can do here anyway, I wont
be getting rid of the parsetree.

  Incidentally, I have not ruled out the possibility of bringing the old
ICode system back into play, this could potentially allow me to use
the the 'out' icode command, to provide an extremely brutal interface
for the exporters, e.g. essentially, heres the object be outputted,
do your thing. (the state pushing and popping commands will also have
to be passed).

  This would be by far the easiest method, though i cant imagine it would
be too nice to develope for.

